If someone wished
to go to heaven,
there may be way.
Yes, but how does one
actually do it?
I must know.
Oh, well, I wrote down
the process in a notebook.
[Father Pucchi] But,
before I could access
that book and find out how...
For the next 20 years,
I was forced to wait
to finally obtain
Jotaro's memory.
I can read the contents
of the notebook in his disc.
The culprit's goal
relies on their ability
to steal people's Stands
by making them materialized.
[Jolyne] I don't believe
my father is actually dead.
I think he'll be okay
if I can get his Stand back.
I won.
Don't underestimate me,
you insolent brat!
This changes nothing!
Even with
Star Platinum return,
your father will be nothing
more than a broken puppet.
[Jolyne] And the User still has
my father's memory's disc.
Now is the best chance
I'm gonna get
to discover who they are.
[grunts]
[groans, exhales]
[Pale Snake]
Using your unique ability,
there's something
I would like to try.
[Sports Maximum] Really?
Does that belong to a human?
Well, whose bone is it?
That is
none of your business.
Let's just say it belongs
to a very old friend of mine.
[Father Pucchi]
The bone of my dear friend,
the Great Dio.
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
Oh, shit, there goes my leg!
Hey, Ermes!
What's going on, for real?
-Is this a Stand attack?
-Yes, exactly!
[growls]
[grunts, gasps]
Run, now!
It's right behind you!
[Ermes] It's already
moving to strike.
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean!
Ora!
[all grunt]
[shrieks]
Ora, ora, ora!
[both grunt]
Jolyne! No!
[Jolyne groans]
[swooshing]
[Jolyne]
Is this a Stand ability?
If it is,
then obviously Pale Snake
must have put a disc
into him.
So that means...
Yeah, I get it now.
Jolyne, please! Take F.F.
and get the hell out of here.
This problem is mine
and mine alone.
It's got nothing to do
with either of you.
Actually, no, Ermes!
I'm sorry, but this isn't
just your problem anymore.
[grunts]
Sports Maximum must have
some kind of purpose.
And I would bet
he has something to do
with my father's
stolen memory.
He must be searching for
a very specific thing in here.
[grunts]
Here's what else,
we'll find out what
if we read the disc
that's in that
scumbag
Sports Maximum's head.
Great idea!
Maybe you should think about
getting the fuck
out of this hallway first.
[Ermes] Don't even worry
about him!
He'll drown in
that pipe soon, anyway.
Then his Stand ability will
be gone, along with him.
-Something is off here.
-Huh?
[Jolyne] You said there was
an invisible alligator corpse.
Where is it?
[both grunt]
If it moves, I should be able
to locate it through my thread.
[tense music]
-[exhales, grunts]
-[crunching]
-[growls]
-[gasps]
It's the wall! Ugh!
What?
[Ermes] We're screwed!
To that invisible corpse
sealing our floor,
front wall or back wall.
It's got us from any angles.
Leave her alone!
It's me you want!
I'm your enemy!
Not true, Ermes!
You two aren't the only ones
in this fight.
That bastard...
ate half of my leg like it was
some afternoon snack.
I wonder if that's still
inside his stomach.
You bet your ass
it's my enemy, too.
No, F.F. Don't do that!
We still don't know
where it's hiding.
[Jolyne] I'll bite you again.
Stop!
You'll only make it worse.
-[all gasp]
-You're right.
It will bite me.
It's all it knows how to do,
its whole reason for being.
But says it's all good now.
[F.F] I've reached
inside his filthy mouth.
[upbeat music]
[pants]
Well, hell, yeah! I actually
managed to pull it off.
Totally took that thing out!
[both chuckle]
Look at this! I think it's part
of your shoulder, Jolyne.
Oh, dammit!
I'm not even sure that fits!
It's been chopped
into a ton of pieces.
[Ermes] Here, F.F.
You'll need this.
Thanks! I definitely do.
-Oh! Hang on, one sec!
-[Ermes] Huh?
-[gasps]
-[chuckles]
Ermes, tell me something.
Was that creature
that attacked
and tried to kill us
actually an alligator ghost?
And was it also being
controlled by Sports Maximum?
Uh-uh! I don't think so.
It's too insane!
[Ermes] Remember? Not a ghost,
but an invisible corpse.
Huh?
[Jolyne grunts]
The living dead whose primary
instinct is hunting for blood.
But his terrible power
is creating invisible zombies.
Huh? Shit! Not good!
[Jolyne] What's wrong, Ermes?
What happened
to Sports Maximum?
Did he finally
drown down there?
It's too dark,
so I can't be sure.
Maybe he's stuck
deeper down in the pipe.
Or...
[gasps]
These sure as shit
look like handprints.
[suspenseful music]
[grunts]
Damn! I was too close.
The back of my throat
is all wet, gooey and sticky.
I need to gargle, like, now.
Why can't I remember
what I was doing before?
And which way
was I trying to go?
Oh, right, I remember now.
It was to the chapel.
I'm going to the chapel.
And my objective
once I'm there
is to find and
take that bone.
Make sure
you understand this clearly.
If you fail me,
I'll be taking back
the ability I gave you
and I won't be gentle
about it.
That's good!
My power, Limp Viscuit, can
get the job done and it will.
When I possess the bone that
Pale Snake ordered me to find,
I'll be able to...
Wait! Damn it!
I really need to take a rest
before I do anything else.
I want to wash this grime off
my body
and pour something down
my throat.
A fresh cleansing
and refreshing beverage.
Oh!
That woman over there...
[exhales]
Good timing!
The skanky, um...
What was her name again?
I forgot it.
Bitch will do fine.
[scoffs]
The bribe's in my hand,
he won't even acknowledge me.
Hey, how are you
doing tonight?
Are you on duty,
so to speak?
I need to go get
a drink right now.
Feel like coming
to the café with me?
Then we can find
a nice, dark corner somewhere
and have ourselves a little
old-fashioned fun.
How about it, huh?
What do you say to wiping
-each other's bodies down?
-Huh?
-[grunts angrily]
-[man groans]
Huh?
Hey, asshole!
Don't put your fucking hand
on me unless I say so.
You want to handle
the merchandise,
show me the money first.
I wasn't trying
to do anything, lady!
Did this slimy
little bottom really
just attempted to touch you
and not even offered a pay?
-[screams]
-Huh?
[woman] Uh, uh...
[Ermes] Shit!
Where did Sports Maximum go?
We gotta find him.
[Jolyne] Maybe when that
zombie-ass alligator
was trying to kill us,
he wormed his way
out of the pipe.
Or maybe...
[Jolyne] He somehow
transformed into
an invisible corpse himself.
[prisoner] I just kicked you
a little bit.
Don't be an idiot
and you won't get hurt.
What do you mean, be an idiot?
You have to earn their respect
or it's all over.
You must make them pay
or there's no point.
Why don't you
help me look, too?
Did you hear me?
Come on! Find his money.
[chuckles]
There's a telling bulge
in his sleeve.
[woman] Huh?
You're kidding me!
So you had the cash
the whole time?
Why didn't you say so
before, jerk?
[Sports Maximum]
I literally just told you that.
You really are slow,
aren't you?
I wonder if he's hiding
anything else
somewhere in this husk.
Maybe I can find it in here.
What the hell?
So you want me to... really?
Right here with you?
Yeah, I don't even want
to try to figure this out.
Oh, no way!
I have seen enough.
This is so not happening.
I have done some weird shit,
but this is way off the charts.
Hah?
I hope you don't mind,
I'll be taking this.
What an excellent find,
thank you!
Huh?
Wait! What the hell is this?
It's for sure not drug.
It's oozing from
under my skin.
[grunts, groans]
Ugh, it reeks just like...
shit!
It's raw sewage.
Oh, no! It's everywhere!
I am actual shit
seeping from every single
orifice in my body.
Son of a...
Does it mean I actually...
Holy crap! What's happening?
That is shit,
coming right out of thin air.
[screams]
-[crunches]
-[whimpers]
[dramatic music]
[slurping]
[Sports Maximum] It's not that
I was so desperate for a drink.
I was truly starving.
The only way I could quench
this thirst
was by eating brains.
It's not my fault.
Oh, I remember now.
I've already died
by drowning
in that filtrate pipe
back there.
That bitch!
It's all her fault.
Gloria Costello's
despicable sister!
How dare she do that to me.
She'll pay for it.
Argh! Seriously, how dare she?
[screams]
I'm so thirsty!
[Jolyne] Ermes, look!
[Ermes grunts]
Keep your eyes open.
I knew that bastard
got out of the pipe.
What did he do to
that poor girl?
Did he bite her?
What's happening?
She's just a pile
of bloody flesh.
Can human teeth really do
that much damage?
He's clearly
not human anymore,
in mind or morals.
But I'd be willing to bet
he must have his disc
on him right now.
Excellent! I'm gonna go
get them from him, then.
So, Jolyne, I want you
to go and wait outside.
[gasps]
-[both grunt]
-[exclaims]
Urgh, shit! He got away.
Stay close to me, Ermes.
We've been trapped inside.
[Jolyne] He has intelligence,
like a human.
And keep your distance
from the walls.
We already went through
that shit show.
They're not constrained
to the floor.
I'll track his location
in the third dimension.
[grunts]
Found you, bitch!
Hanging from the ceiling,
real clever.
Then, you must have had
a bone broken, huh.
-[gasps]
-What?
Shit! Even with a broken arm!
Right, I forgot.
He's just a rotten corpse now.
Stone Ocean!
[swooshing]
I got him!
[exclaims]
[grunts]
No!
Jolyne, wait!
That isn't Sports Maximum
under there.
He was moving the dead girl's
corpse as a decoy
and you bought it.
[grunts]
Jolyne, no!
[screams]
Jolyne!
[yells]
-[Ermes] Where is he?
-[groans]
Come on, out! Motherfucker!
Ugh, are you okay?
Hey, Jolyne,
stop moving and stay put.
This is not your battle
to fight, you know.
Sports Maximum
is my problem, not yours.
Ermes, I told you before.
We've leveled up.
This goes way beyond
just revenge
or what you consider
your own personal problem.
What?
And it's not even just that.
We don't have the time or
the room to even think.
Do you understand that?
Now, look!
-Ugh, no, it can't be.
-Oh, yes, it can.
[Jolyne]
We didn't catch it, then.
But he already backed us
into a corner a long time ago.
Every one of
the invisible corpses
-had already been resurrected!
-[Ermes grunts]
I have no idea how many
or where they are.
-We're surrounded, Ermes.
-[zombies moan]
We have to find the way
out of here, now!
Survival comes first!
If we don't open the door
and escape,
these will be our last words.
I'll stretch my thread to
full extension and call F.F.
[Jolyne] For now, we back off.
You can collect the disc and
get your sweet revenge later.
I promise!
[gasps]
Ermes!
Right! Revenge!
And that's
the important part, Jolyne!
And I know what has to
be equally important
to Sports Maximum,
who's hiding
somewhere around here.
He wants vengeance
for my having
drowned him in the pipe.
His mind must have flooded
with thoughts of
how to retaliate.
He wants to chew my head
to pulp,
and drain the blood
spewing from it
until he's sure I'm dead.
What are you--?
[Ermes] The one who'll
eventually end me
is definitely
that bastard himself,
with his own foul teeth.
Don't say that!
[Ermes] Listen to me, Jolyne.
There're tons of people
who'd say,
"Getting revenge won't bring
your sister back!"
as if they understand
what I'm trying to do.
And others who would tell me
forgiveness is important.
[screams]
Gloria!
[Ermes] I don't care!
There's no way
I force myself to forget
that my own blood relative
was thrown into a sewer,
and just go on about my life.
[Ermes] This is all
I've been preparing for.
Revenge is waiting,
so I can decide my own destiny
and finally satisfy it.
Ugh, Ermes, can you tell me
this isn't a standoff, right?
You can't! Get back!
Don't do this!
I'm calling F.F. over.
There's five, no, wait,
seven corpses
breaking through the thread
and moving in on you.
Ermes, stop!
Get out of there!
[zombies growl]
[screams]
Leave her alone, bitches!
[Ermes] Which way are you
coming from?
I'm ready for you.
[screams]
Shit! I'm fading fast...
[grunts]
[chomping]
Ermes!
[gasps]
[Jolyne] She used her sticker
to split her head in two.
[Ermes] Here's my official
license to revenge.
Smack!
There you are,
Sports Maximum!
[both grunt]
Hmm, how predictable you are.
I knew you'd do that.
Remember you did
the same thing
when you trapped me
in that pipe before.
You used that silly sticker
that splits anything in two.
Ha-ha!
But you can see,
I won't fall for
that power anymore.
Because I, too...
...am a corpse.
You can't kill me.
[zombies moan]
God damn it! It didn't work!
Where the hell is he hiding?
You're a smart girl,
follow my voice.
What the hell, I'll tell you!
It's your sister's fault
she witnessed
an average night,
and it cost her everything
she had.
[Gloria choking]
Ermes, don't hurt her!
[whimpers]
-[growls]
-[screams]
[exclaims]
Seriously! That's not it!
Due to that little incident...
...now after being defeated
by you,
this is what I've become.
And unfortunately,
my feelings will
never dissolve.
Not this one.
Nor this one.
Listen to me.
Even if I would have
sucked up your brain
like jelly right now,
and filled that empty skull
that's left
with the shit
that's in your stomach,
my feelings of hatred
towards you will still exist
throughout all of eternity,
you bitch.
It's time to say good night!
The one that finishes
you off is me!
Huh?
The moment she's been
waiting for.
It's happening now!
The moment he rips off
the sticker
and he attempts to maul
her real head...
If you peel off the sticker,
the two halves will reconjoin.
Even the piece that
Sports Maximum
bit off and swallowed
will fuse back in.
[Ermes] The jig is up.
I've ID'd your exact location.
I'm aiming right above that.
The median line of your face,
from chin to skull.
[yells]
[grunts painfully]
She... she did it!
One more thing,
this last parting gift
is for Gloria. You got it?
There must have been a bone
in your ugly face
that got crushed before.
And I think the way
that happened
was Gloria fought back hard
against you.
[Ermes] And this...
is also for Gloria!
[grunts]
Rip that piece of shit
to shreds!
Do it now!
[zombies moan]
What? Are you gonna
try to hide again?
You can't do that anymore,
because I just put
a sticker on your ugly head
and split that thing in two.
[zombies grunt]
[Ermes] If I peel this,
you'll merge back into one.
This next one is
for Gloria, too.
Oh, yeah! And the one
after that as well.
Not to mention
the next one after that,
and so on, forever.
[Ermes]
They're all for my Gloria!
This one.
And this one!
Take this one!
And this one! And this one!
And this one!
All for Gloria!
[epic music]
[zombies groan]
[tragic music]
How about that?
Look! I finally cried!
All I want right now...
is to sob my eyes out
by your side.
But I don't have time,
or even a speck of energy
left to do it.
[Jolyne gasps]
[Jolyne] F.F. I need you!
Heal her!
Come on! Quickly!
Open this gate for me.
[screams]
Hurry!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]
[announcer]
Abnormality alert activated.
-[alarm wailing]
-Co-ed building 1A.
-Mausoleum.
-Stay right where you are!
Tell us what happened.
Don't move or
you'll be a stain.
[grunts]
[Sonny] Inmate number
FE40536.
Full name, Jolyne Cujoh!
[Jolyne]
After reading that disc, I knew
what I need to do here,
right now.